<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.1.2//EN"
"http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.1.2/docbookx.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY version "0.1.0">
]>

<article id="telegnome">
  <articleinfo>
    <title>TeleGNOME User's Guide</title>
    <abstract role="description">
      <para>
	TeleGNOME downloads and displays Teletext pages from the Internet.
      </para>
    </abstract>
    <authorgroup>
      <author>
	<firstname>Arjan</firstname> <surname>Scherpenisse</surname>
	<affiliation>
	  <address>
	    <email>acscherp@wins.uva.nl</email>
	  </address>
	</affiliation>
      </author>
      <author>
	<firstname>Dirk-Jan</firstname> <surname>Binnema</surname>
	<affiliation>
	  <address>
	    <email>djcb@dds.nl</email>
	  </address>
	</affiliation>
      </author>
      <author>
	<firstname>Ork</firstname> <surname>de Rooij</surname>
	<affiliation>
	  <address>
	    <email>ork.derooij@student.uva.nl</email>
	  </address>
	</affiliation>
      </author>
      <author role="maintainer">
	<firstname>Colin</firstname> <surname>Watson</surname>
	<affiliation>
	  <address>
	    <email>cjwatson@debian.org</email>
	  </address>
	</affiliation>
      </author>
    </authorgroup>
    <copyright>
      <year>1999, 2000</year> <holder>Arjan Scherpenisse</holder>
    </copyright>
    <copyright>
      <year>2008</year> <holder>Colin Watson</holder>
    </copyright>
    <legalnotice>
      <para>This documentation is free software; you can redistribute
	it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public
	License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
	version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later
	version.</para>
      
      <para>This program is distributed in the hope that it will be
	useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied
	warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
	See the GNU General Public License for more details.</para>
      
      <para>You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
	License along with this program; if not, see
	<ulink type="http" url="http://www.gnu.org/licenses/"></ulink></para>
      
      <para>For more details see the file COPYING in the source
	distribution of GNOME.</para>
    </legalnotice>
    <revhistory>
      <revision>
	<revnumber>TeleGNOME User's Guide &version;</revnumber>
	<date>2008-04-27</date>
      </revision>
    </revhistory>
  </articleinfo>
 
  <sect1 id="intro">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <para>TBD.</para>
  </sect1>    
  
  <sect1 id="ui">
    <title>The User Interface</title> 
    
    <para>The main interface consists of a menubar, a toolbar, the
     currently viewed page, and the status bar.</para>
    
    <sect2>
      <title>The menu</title> 

      <para>The menubar consists of 3 pull-down menus, called
      "File", "Settings", and "Help". The following options are
      available in each of these menus.</para>
      
      <itemizedlist>
	<listitem>
	  <para>File</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem>
	  <para>Settings</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem>
	  <para>Channels</para>
	</listitem>
	<listitem>
	  <para>Help</para>
	</listitem>
      </itemizedlist>
    </sect2>
  </sect1>

  <sect1 id="using">
    
    <title>Using TeleGNOME</title>
    
    <para>Normal teletext consists of a series of pages, which are
    transmitted in quick succession by the broadcaster. Whenever you
    want your TV to tune in on a specific page, your TV will capture
    that page only and show it on the screen.</para>
  
    <para>Every page can have subpages, that is: the page consists
    of a couple of subpages. This way the numbering of pages can
    stay the same, but the amount of information in a page can vary.
    For example: the page that serves the news (101 on Dutch TV) can
    have just a few items of information (nothing happened in the
    world), and thus have no subpages, or it can have a lot of
    items, spread out on subpages.  These subpages are usually
    automatically updated on your TV, timed by an interval in which
    the page can be read. This means that if you want to see subpage
    7 and the current displayed subpage is 3, you'll have to wait
    some time. This can be very annoying. Also, if the timing is to
    fast, the page may have disappeared before you've read it, which
    means that you'll have to wait for the page to come up
    again.</para>
  
    <para>Using <application>TeleGNOME</application> is very similar to using teletext on any
    regular television set, but without the sometimes irritating
    long waits for a page to come up.</para>

    <para>Just like teletext on a TV, you can simply type a page
    number and press <keycap>ENTER</keycap> to load that page. This
    number can be any number served by the current teletext channel,
    and it is not restricted to the numbers shown on the current
    page.</para>

    <para>You can load subpages directly by typing the page number, a
    dash or a slash and the subpage number. For example: if you want
    to load the second page of page 201, just type
    <keycap>201/2</keycap>.</para>

    <para>When you're ready to read the next subpage (if any) you
    can press the <keycap>next</keycap> button. This will load the
    next subpage. Alternatively you can just enter the requested
    subpage immediately using the keyboard.</para>
  </sect1>
</article>
